---
layout: post
title:  "Week One"
date:   2017-09-25 20:40:20 -0600
---

**Read:**
* Knowing is not doing: 4 keys to making sure you are actually making progress.
* It is a marathon: lessons about behavior change taken from the first three miles.
* Having a vision for the future: What is your stretch goal?

**Objectives:**
* At the end of this week, you will understand the value of tiny habits for building sustainable behavior change.
* At the end of this week, you will know the benefit of having a stretch goal.
* At the end of this week, you will have established your daily habit and started to implement it.
* At the end of the week, you will have begun logging your behavior change progress.


**Activities:**

*Day One:*
* Read: *[Knowing is not doing: 4 keys to making sure you are actually making progress.]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-09-25-knowing-is-not-doing %})*
* Make a list of 5 things you can do start doing today that is:  simple, can be completed daily, is easy enough that you are guaranteed to succeed.

*Day Two:*
* Make a list of 5 additional things you can start doing today to work towards your goal.
* Review the list of 10 things and eliminate all of them other than the 3 best ideas.

*Day Three:*
* Review the list of three habits you can start today, that will help you begin your journey towards successfully reaching your end goal.
* Pick one of the three habits, go do it today.
* Write down (log) somewhere that you completed the habit.

*Day Four:*
* Read: *[It is a marathon: lessons about behavior change taken from the first three miles.]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-09-25-its-a-marathon %})*
* Complete your daily habit and log it.  

*Day Five:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it.

*Day Six:*
* Read: *[Having a vision for the future: What is your stretch goal?]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-09-25-what-is-your-stretch-goal %})*
* Write down 3 versions of your stretch goal
* Complete your daily habit and log it.

*Day Seven:*
* Review your list of 3 stretch goals, choose one.
* Complete your daily habit and log it.
