---
layout: post
title:  "Week Two"
date:   2017-09-25 20:39:20 -0600
---

**Read:**
* Two lessons about successfully changing your behavior that are not fun.
* What is your story? Sabotaging thoughts and 2 strategies to overcome them.
* Challenge yourself: The secret to living fully as we age.


**Objective:**
* At the end of this week you should have created a list of your “if only” statements that are associated with your goal.
* At the end of this week you should have created a list of your “I wish” statements that are associated with your goal.
* At the end of this week you should have a list of sabotaging thoughts that you’ve had in relation to your goal.
* At the end of this week you should have created 2 strategies for managing your mindset and overcoming negative thoughts.
* At the end of this week you will begin a daily practice, utilizing one of the strategies that you created to overcome negative thoughts.
* At the end of this week you will begin participating in a Challenge Day.

**Activities:**

*Day Eight:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* Read: *[Two lessons about successfully changing your behavior that are not fun.]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-09-25-two-lessons-about-changing-your-behavior %})*
* List 3 “if only” statements that you have said or thought as it relates to your goal.

*Day Nine:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* List 3 “I wish” statements that you have thought, as you have imagine your attempt to meet your goal.

*Day Ten:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* List 5 thoughts that you’ve had that are likely to sabotage your progress towards meeting your goal.

*Day Eleven:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* Read: *[What is your story? Sabotaging thoughts and 2 strategies to overcome them.]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-09-25-what-is-your-story-sabotaging-thoughts %})*
* Strategy One:
    * Find a mantra that has personal meaning.

*Day Twelve:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* Strategy Two:
    * Determine a powerful visualization that you can use when negative thoughts are interfering with your health and happiness.

*Day Thirteen:*
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* Pick one of the strategies that you developed over the past two days to practice each day over the remainder of the program.
* Take 5 minutes and practice the strategy you choose.

*Day Fourteen: **Challenge Day***
* Read: *[Challenge yourself: The secret to living fully as we age, along with 10 things you can try today.]({{ site.baseurl }}{% post_url 2017-09-25-challenge-yourself %})*
* Find a challenge activity and complete it, log your challenge
* Complete your daily habit and log it
* Take 5 minutes and practice your mantra or visualization.
